README.md, before:

# p5-serial.github.io
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-6-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Website for p5-serial and documentation

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.walking-productions.com/notslop/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/431774?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Shawn Van Every</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=vanevery" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/kaganjd"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9204835?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jen Kagan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=kaganjd" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/tigoe"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/380575?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Tom Igoe</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=tigoe" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://jiwonshin.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6685006?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jiwon Shin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=js6450" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://www.wenqi.li"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22087042?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Wenqi Li</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=wenqili" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://montoyamoraga.io"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3926350?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>aarón montoya-moraga</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=montoyamoraga" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

add explanation of the repositories and websites

README.md, after:

# p5-serial.github.io

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-6-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Website for p5-serial and documentation

## Repositories

The p5-serial project is made up of these 3 repositories:

- [https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io](https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io)
- [https://github.com/p5-serial/p5.serialport](https://github.com/p5-serial/p5.serialport)
- [https://github.com/p5-serial/p5.serialcontrol](https://github.com/p5-serial/p5.serialcontrol)

There are two main websites:

- [https://p5-serial.github.io/](https://p5-serial.github.io/): organization website, made with Markdown and GitHub Pages, with this READMe.
- [https://p5-serial.github.io/p5.serialport/](https://p5-serial.github.io/p5.serialport/): docs/ folder of the p5.serialport repository, built with JSDoc form the source code.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.walking-productions.com/notslop/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/431774?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Shawn Van Every</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=vanevery" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/kaganjd"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9204835?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jen Kagan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=kaganjd" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/tigoe"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/380575?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Tom Igoe</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=tigoe" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://jiwonshin.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6685006?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Jiwon Shin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=js6450" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://www.wenqi.li"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22087042?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Wenqi Li</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=wenqili" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://montoyamoraga.io"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3926350?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>aarón montoya-moraga</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/p5-serial/p5-serial.github.io/commits?author=montoyamoraga" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
